# Minesweeper Board Generator App

## Introduction

This simple Ruby on Rails application allows users to generate Minesweeper boards. The app provides a user-friendly interface where users can enter their email address, board width, height, and number of mines. Upon pressing the "Generate Board" button, the app will generate the Minesweeper board, store it in the database along with the dimensions and the user's email, and redirect the user to a page displaying the generated board.

## Requirements

- Ruby (3.1.3)
- Rails (>= 7.0.4.3)
- PostgreSQL (14.8)

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up and run the Minesweeper Board Generator App:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sagar381/minesweeper.git
   cd minesweeper
   ```

2. Install the required gems:

   ```bash
   bundle install
   ```

3. Set up the database:

   ```bash
   rails db:create
   rails db:migrate
   ```

4. (Optional) Seed the database with some sample data:

   ```bash
   rails db:seed
   ```

5. Start the Rails server:

   ```bash
   rails server
   ```

6. Open your web browser and visit `http://localhost:3000` to access the Minesweeper Board Generator App.

## Usage

1. On the home page, you will be prompted to enter your email address, board width, height, and number of mines.

2. Click the "Generate Board" button to generate the Minesweeper board.

3. The generated Minesweeper board will be displayed, showing an xy plane with empty cells and cells that contain mines.

4. Scroll down to view the ten most recently generated boards, including the dimensions and the user's email.

5. Click on the show button to view the details of a specific Minesweeper board.

6. At the bottom of the list, click the "View All Generated Boards" link to view all boards generated by the app.

## Architecture

The Minesweeper Board Generator App follows a service-based architecture for calculating the Minesweeper board. The board generator algorithm efficiently generates Minesweeper boards of any dimension. The algorithm returns a two-dimensional array of objects representing the state of the Minesweeper board before the game starts.

## System Tests

Minesweeper Board Generator comes with comprehensive system tests implemented using RSpec. These tests ensure that various user interactions, such as board generation and gameplay, work flawlessly.

## Credits

Minesweeper Board Generator is developed and maintained by Sagar Rehman. Feel free to contribute to the project.
Thank you for using Minesweeper Board Generator!
